Docs for version compatibility (#692)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: src/docs/BUILD.md

> **NOTE**: There is a known Python API issue with `ov::Tensor`. The issue is reproduced when building OpenVINO GenAI from sources while using OpenVINO from archives. Using `ov::Tensor` with OpenVINO GenAI fails. Possible errors: `TypeError: generate(): incompatible function arguments.`, `TypeError: __init__(): incompatible constructor arguments.`, `TypeError: Unregistered type : ov::Tensor`.
The preferred approach is to build both OpenVINO and OpenVINO GenAI from sources using the same build environment. Or to install prebuilt OpenVINO GenAI from [distribution channels](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/get-started/install-openvino.html).

## Software Requirements

### Linux

- [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) 3.23 or higher
- GCC 7.5 or higher
- Python 3.8 or higher

### Windows

- [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) 3.23 or higher
- Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 or higher, version 16.3 or later
- Python 3.8 or higher

> - Git for Windows

Author: Add Git dependency to other OS

> **NOTE**: There is a known Python API issue with `ov::Tensor`. The issue is reproduced when building OpenVINO GenAI from sources while using OpenVINO from archives. Using `ov::Tensor` with OpenVINO GenAI fails. Possible errors: `TypeError: generate(): incompatible function arguments.`, `TypeError: __init__(): incompatible constructor arguments.`, `TypeError: Unregistered type : ov::Tensor`.
The preferred approach is to build both OpenVINO and OpenVINO GenAI from sources using the same build environment. Or to install prebuilt OpenVINO GenAI from [distribution channels](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/get-started/install-openvino.html).

## Software Requirements

### Linux

- [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/) 3.23 or higher
- GCC 7.5 or higher
- Python 3.8 or higher

> - Git

Reviewer: Please include changes from https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai/pull/652. Most of them aren't applicable anymore, but there should be `\[NSIS](https://sourceforge.net/projects/nsis/)` added at least. Feel free to do that in a separate PR.

    cmake --build ./build/ --config Release -j
    ```

5. Install OpenVINO GenAI:

    #### Option 1 - using cmake:
    
    The following command will store built OpenVINO GenAI artifacts along with OpenVINO in `<INSTALL_DIR>`:

    ```sh
    cmake --install ./build/ --config Release --prefix <INSTALL_DIR>
    ```

    #### Option 2 - setting paths to built OpenVINO GenAI artifacts manually:

    The path to the OpenVINO GenAI root directory is referred as `<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>` throughout the document.

    Linux:
    ```sh
    export PYTHONPATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>/build/:$PYTHONPATH
    export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>/build/openvino_genai/:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
    ```

    macOS:
    ```sh
    export PYTHONPATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>/build:$PYTHONPATH
    export DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>/build/openvino_genai:$DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH
    ```

    Windows Command Prompt:
    ```cmd
    set PYTHONPATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>\build;%PYTHONPATH%
    set PATH=<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>\build\openvino_genai;%PATH%
    ```

    Windows PowerShell:
    ```sh
    $env:PYTHONPATH = "<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>\build;$env:PYTHONPATH"
    $env:PATH = "<GENAI_ROOT_DIR>\build\openvino_genai;$env:PATH"
    ```

> To optimize the package size, you can reduce the ICU (International Components for Unicode) data size when building OpenVINO Tokenizers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To optimize the package size, you can reduce the ICU (International Components for Unicode) data size when OpenVINO Tokenizers are built as a submodule of OpenVINO GenAI.
```
We don't have Tokenizers described. That makes this statement to look out of blue.

        ```sh
        source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh
        ```
    - Option 2 - setting environment variables manually:
        ```sh
        export OpenVINO_DIR=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime
        export PYTHONPATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/python:./build/:$PYTHONPATH
        export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime/lib/intel64:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
        ```
3. Upgrade pip to ensure you have the latest version:
    ```sh
    python -m pip install --upgrade pip
    ```
4. Build the wheel in the `dist` directory:
    ```sh
    python -m pip wheel . -w dist/ --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/pre-release
    ```

### Install OpenVINO GenAI From Source

1. Clone OpenVINO GenAI repository and init submodules:
    ```sh
    git clone --recursive https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai.git
    cd openvino.genai
    ```
2. Set up the environment:
    - Option 1 - using OpenVINO `setupvars.sh` script:
        ```sh
        source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh
        ```
    - Option 2 - setting environment variables manually:
        ```sh
        export OpenVINO_DIR=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime
        export PYTHONPATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/python:./build/:$PYTHONPATH

>         export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime/lib/intel64:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

Reviewer: Please add the same split for other OS.
I just remembered, OPENVINO_LIB_PATHS is required for windows by core ov for python. Please add it to every env description including `Build OpenVINO, OpenVINO Tokenizers, and OpenVINO GenAI From Source` path.

Author: Added `OPENVINO_LIB_PATHS` for windows.
Commands for other OS discussed - will be kept for now as is for building wheels and python installation

    source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh
    cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -S ./ -B ./build/
    cmake --build ./build/ --config Release --target package -j
    cmake --install ./build/ --config Release --prefix <INSTALL_DIR>
    ```

>     > **NOTE**: For running setupvars script on Windows, use command `call <INSTALL_DIR>\setupvars.bat`

Author: Added example command for PowerShell

To optimize the package size, you can reduce the ICU (International Components for Unicode) data size when building OpenVINO Tokenizers.
For more information please refer to the [OpenVINO Tokenizers instructions](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_tokenizers?tab=readme-ov-file#reducing-the-icu-data-size).

> ### Build OpenVINO GenAI only

Reviewer: OpenVINO must always be built if GenAI is built because of ABI issue you described above. The idea of this section was to allow omitting `source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` and `cmake --install ./build/ --config Release --prefix <INSTALL_DIR>`
You did a great job describing environment set up. Replace `source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` from `Build OpenVINO and OpenVINO GenAI from sources` section with that description. Please add PATH env var replacing LD_LIBRARY_PATH for Wndows case.
> 2. Set up the environment:
>  - Option 1 - using OpenVINO `setupvars.sh` script:
      source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh
>  - Option 2 - setting environment variable manually:
      export OpenVINO_DIR=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime
      export PYTHONPATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/python:./build/:${PYTHONPATH}
      export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<INSTALL_DIR>/runtime/lib/intel64:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
      

Do the same for `cmake --install ./build/ --config Release --prefix <INSTALL_DIR>` step in `Build OpenVINO and OpenVINO GenAI from sources` section. Explain that it's needed to keep artefacts together and the alternative solution is to set env vars:
```sh
export PYTHONPATH=<GENAIA_ROOT_DIR>/build/:${PYTHONPATH}
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<GENAIA_ROOT_DIR>/build/openvino_genai/:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```
Add PATH for windows as well.

Doing so allows to remove `Build OpenVINO GenAI only` section completely.

Author: Extended "Build everything from source" instructions, removed "Build OpenVINO GenAI only" section
